NMS-13888: Update SNMP Trap docs and stop escaping '=' characters (#4418)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/events/sources/snmp-traps.adoc

Event definitions are included with {page-component-title} for traps from many vendors' equipment.

== Trap Value Representation

When octet strings are translated into event parameters, OpenNMS first attempts to treat them as character encodings.
If all bytes in the string are valid UTF-8 or ISO-8859-1 characters, the string is stored as these characters.

> If this is not possible, the value is encoded as a base-64 string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this is not possible, the value is encoded as a Base64 string.
```
